DOC Changelog for SearchContext::getQuery()  parameter (#294)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/04_Changelogs/5.1.0.md

## API changes

### silverstripe/framework

- [`BuildTask`](api:SilverStripe\Dev\BuildTask) now has boolean `is_enabled` configuration option which has precedence over the existing `BuildTask::enabled` protected class property. The `BuildTask::enabled` property has been marked as deprecated and will be removed in CMS 6 if favour of using `is_enabled` instead.

> - Changed parameter type in [`SilverStripe\ORM\Search\SearchContext::getQuery()`](api:DSilverStripe\ORM\Search\SearchContext::getQuery()) for `$limit` from dynamic to `array|null|string`. In CMS 6 method parameter will be changed from `$limit = false` to `array|string|null $limit = null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Passing an argument for `$limit` that is not `array|string|null` in [`SilverStripe\ORM\Search\SearchContext::getQuery()`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\Search\SearchContext::getQuery()) will throw a deprecation warning. In CMS 6 the parameter type will be changed from dynamic to `array|string|null`.
```

Author: Updated
